General improvements (#2)
zizicharter/python-polygon-painter: 01a-python-refresher.md

# Python refresher

If you've already done some coding before this is a quick refresher on some ways that Python may be different. If you need some more detail, feel free to go back to the [introduction page](01-introduction.md).

## Whitespace

> While some programming languages use brackets, Python uses indentation to indicate a block of code. For example, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While some programming languages use brackets, Python uses whitespace (indentation) to indicate a block of code. For example: 
```

```
a = 1
b = 2
if a > b:
    print('a = ' + str(a))
    print("a is bigger than b")
else:
    print('b = ' + str(b))
    print("b is bigger than a")
```

> This will print out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will print out...
```

```
b = 2
b is bigger than a
```

> because those print statement are indended under the else statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... because those `print` statements are indented under the `else` statement.
```

## If statements

> In Python, there are no brackets around the condition of the if statement and else if are written using `elif`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Python, there are no brackets around the condition of the `if` statement. Also, "else if" statements are written using `elif` syntax:
```

```
if a > b:
    print('a = ' + str(a))
    print("a is bigger than b")
elif a == b:
    print("a and b are equal")
else:
    print('b = ' + str(b))
    print("b is bigger than a")
```

## Comments

To write a comment in Python you need to start the line with a #

```
# This is a comment
```

> Python does not support multi-line comments.

Reviewer: Actually you can do a multiline comment using the triple-quote syntax but `#` on multiple lines is preferred by the PEP 8 style guide.
